Add CA cert configuration to auth server setup guide (#43)
AMWA-TV/nmos-authorization-implementation-guide: docs/3.0. Authorization Server Setup.md

### Set Up Trusted Hosts
- In Realm Settings, go to Client Registration and Client Registration Policies. Under 'Anonymous Access Policies', enter 'Trusted Hosts' and add '\*.workshop.nmos.tv' (or similar).
- Go to the 'Clients' menu and edit the 'admin-cli' client. Under Client Scopes, add the newly defined scope(s) above to the 'Optional client scopes' list. This is useful to enable the debug procedure below.

> - Next, ensure that Keycloak trusts the certificate authority which is in use. This can be achieved by following [Keycloak's instructions](https://www.keycloak.org/docs/6.0/server_installation/#_truststore), or by adding the certificate to the default Java keystore using a command like the following, before restarting Keycloak.
> 
> ```
> keytool -import -alias nmosca -file cert.pem -cacerts -storepass changeit
> ```

Reviewer: Should we be using the latest link instead of v6.0?

```suggestion
- Next, ensure that Keycloak trusts the certificate authority which is in use. This can be achieved by following [Keycloak's instructions](https://www.keycloak.org/docs/latest/server_installation/#_truststore), or by adding the certificate to the default Java keystore using a command like the following, before restarting Keycloak.

```
keytool -import -alias nmosca -file cert.pem -cacerts -storepass changeit
```
```

### Set Up Trusted Hosts
- In Realm Settings, go to Client Registration and Client Registration Policies. Under 'Anonymous Access Policies', enter 'Trusted Hosts' and add '\*.workshop.nmos.tv' (or similar).
- Go to the 'Clients' menu and edit the 'admin-cli' client. Under Client Scopes, add the newly defined scope(s) above to the 'Optional client scopes' list. This is useful to enable the debug procedure below.

> - Next, ensure that Keycloak trusts the certificate authority which is in use. This can be achieved by following [Keycloak's instructions](https://www.keycloak.org/docs/latest/server_installation/#_truststore), or by adding the certificate to the default Java keystore using a command like the following, before restarting Keycloak.

Reviewer 2: > using a command like the following

To which command are you referring here?

Author: Oh. Looks like it's been accidentally removed. I'll re-add.
